[New] Apply function to raster from service (#591)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Apply function to raster from service/README.md

# Apply function to raster from service

Load a raster from a service, then apply a function to it.

> ![Image of apply function to raster from service](ApplyFunctionToRasterFromService.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Image of Apply function to raster from service sample](apply-function-to-raster-from-service.png)
```

## Use case

Raster functions allow processing operations that can be applied to one or more rasters on the fly. Functions can be applied to rasters that come from a service. A land survey agency may apply hillshade and aspect functions to rasters with elevation data in order to better determine the topography of a landscape and to make further planning decisions.

## How to use the sample

The raster function is applied automatically when the sample starts and the result is displayed.

## How it works

1. Create the `ImageServiceRaster` referring to the image server URL.
2. Create the `RasterFunction` from a JSON string.

> 3. Get the name of the raster argument to the function with `rasterFunction.Arguments.GetRasterNames().First()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Get the name of the raster argument to the function with `rasterFunction.arguments!.rasterNames[0]`.
```

> 4. Set the raster argument with `rasterFunction.SetRaster(rasterName, imageServiceRaster)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Set the raster argument with `setRaster(_:forArgumentNamed:)`.
```
